# Centralized-Test-Automation-System
Web applications are leading application category in many domains such as ecommerce, medicine, finance, people management and education. There are many free and commercial testing tools available in the market for automating testing of web applications. One of the major drawback of available tools is free tools are not provided features to work as a team. Main reason for this limitation is that all the tester’s tools are placed in theirs computers locally and there is no interconnection among tools. In some cases, the test report is created using Microsoft Excel. In addition to above analysing past test case results become cumbersome with traditional local testing system lack of centralized test and test result management system open an opportunity to testers to cheat on test case execution and result reporting. Although the tester may state that the test case was executed, it might not be executed against the new release of the software. Another emerging aspect in the web application quality assurance is test automation. When automating web application testing, testers have to go through coding activities. They have to know a programing language like java, ruby, PHP, Perl or python. These automation data is also saved in tester’s local computer most of the times. When the local machine hard disk stops performing due to defect or damage, then the tester’s whole data will lost. As mentioned in above paragraphs, lot of problems are occurring because testing tool is located in the tester’s machine. This project aims to introduce a centralized web application testing and test automation system to overcome above mentioned problems. In a centralized system, managers and supervisors don’t need to wait until email or the excel sheet comes to them. They can check it through the system. Testers can’t cheat on testing and reporting. Testers are not needed to do code because the proposed tool will provide a GUI for the tester to automate the test. In any defect or failures at the local machine, no data will be lost since data is stored and backed up in the centralized server.
